LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
setup.cfg
setup.py
c_extension/CMakeLists.txt
c_extension/include/CIE2000.hpp
c_extension/include/rwmapautoc_core.hpp
c_extension/include/utility.hpp
c_extension/src/include/CIE2000.cpp
c_extension/src/include/utility.cpp
c_extension/src/rwmapautoc/core.cpp
c_extension/src/rwmapautoc/layerauto.cpp
c_extension/src/rwmapautoc/tilesetauto.cpp
command/__init__.py
command/config.json
command/_util/__init__.py
command/_util/_core.py
command/_util/_json.py
command/_util/_progress.py
command/_util/_strutil.py
command/idrearrange/__init__.py
command/idrearrange/_core.py
command/layerauto/__init__.py
command/layerauto/_core.py
command/layermapauto/__init__.py
command/layermapauto/_core.py
command/layerobauto/__init__.py
command/layerobauto/_core.py
command/objectgroupauto/__init__.py
command/objectgroupauto/_core.py
command/objectgroupauto/_data/__init__.py
command/objectgroupauto/_data/_building.py
command/objectgroupauto/_data/_const.py
command/objectgroupauto/_data/_core.py
command/objectgroupauto/_data/_dictionary.py
command/objectgroupauto/_data/_flash.py
command/objectgroupauto/_data/_idcheck.py
command/objectgroupauto/_data/_inadd.py
command/objectgroupauto/_data/_mtext.py
command/objectgroupauto/_data/_multiAdd.py
command/objectgroupauto/_data/_multiRemove.py
command/objectgroupauto/_data/_multiText.py
command/objectgroupauto/_data/_numDetect.py
command/objectgroupauto/_data/_object.py
command/objectgroupauto/_data/_step.py
command/objectgroupauto/_data/_teamDetect.py
command/objectgroupauto/_data/_time.py
command/objectgroupauto/_data/_tree.py
command/resizeauto/__init__.py
command/resizeauto/_core.py
command/stellaris/__init__.py
command/stellaris/_core.py
command/stellaris/new_stellaris/__init__.py
command/stellaris/new_stellaris/_core.py
command/stellaris/stellaris_v10/__init__.py
command/stellaris/stellaris_v10/_core.py
command/stellaris/stellaris_v101/__init__.py
command/stellaris/stellaris_v101/_core.py
command/stellaris/stellaris_v11/__init__.py
command/stellaris/stellaris_v11/_core.py
command/tilesetauto/__init__.py
command/tilesetauto/_core.py
command/tsindep/__init__.py
command/tsindep/_core.py
rwmap/__init__.py
rwmap/_core.py
rwmap/_exceptions.py
rwmap/_case/__init__.py
rwmap/_case/_imagelayer.py
rwmap/_case/_layer.py
rwmap/_case/_object.py
rwmap/_case/_objectgroup.py
rwmap/_case/_tileset.py
rwmap/_data/__init__.py
rwmap/_data/const.py
rwmap/_data/tobject/__init__.py
rwmap/_data/tobject/_auto.py
rwmap/_data/tobject/_basic.py
rwmap/_data/tobject/_camera.py
rwmap/_data/tobject/_credit.py
rwmap/_data/tobject/_mapText.py
rwmap/_data/tobject/_mapinfo.py
rwmap/_data/tobject/_message.py
rwmap/_data/tobject/_node.py
rwmap/_data/tobject/_unitAdd.py
rwmap/_data/tobject/_unitDetect.py
rwmap/_data/tobject/_unitRemove.py
rwmap/_data/tobject_group/__init__.py
rwmap/_data/tobject_group/_city/__init__.py
rwmap/_data/tobject_group/_city/_city.py
rwmap/_data/tobject_group/_city/_city_detect.py
rwmap/_data/tobject_group/_city/_city_remove.py
rwmap/_data/tobject_group/_city/_city_text.py
rwmap/_data/tobject_group/_city/_normal_unit_add.py
rwmap/_data/tobject_group/_city/_refresh_building.py
rwmap/_data/tobject_group/_count/__init__.py
rwmap/_data/tobject_group/_count/_count.py
rwmap/_data/tobject_group/_count/_flash.py
rwmap/_data/tobject_group/_count/_score_text.py
rwmap/_data/tobject_group/_count/_time.py
rwmap/_data/tobject_group/_troop/__init__.py
rwmap/_data/tobject_group/_troop/_troop_add.py
rwmap/_data/tobject_group/_victory/__init__.py
rwmap/_data/tobject_group/_victory/_victory_co.py
rwmap/_frame/__init__.py
rwmap/_frame/_coordinate.py
rwmap/_frame/_element_ori.py
rwmap/_frame/_element_property.py
rwmap/_object/__init__.py
rwmap/_object/_object_global.py
rwmap/_object/_object_group.py
rwmap/_object/_object_one_and_acti.py
rwmap/_object/_object_pos.py
rwmap/_object/_object_time.py
rwmap/_object/_object_type.py
rwmap/_otgroup/__init__.py
rwmap/_otgroup/_object_tile_group.py
rwmap/_tile/__init__.py
rwmap/_tile/_tile_group.py
rwmap/_util/__init__.py
rwmap/_util/_add_dict.py
rwmap/_util/_class_rel.py
rwmap/_util/_coo_util.py
rwmap/_util/_dict_util.py
rwmap/_util/_etElement_process.py
rwmap/_util/_file_util.py
rwmap/_util/_list_util.py
rwmap/_util/_matrix_util.py
rwmap/_util/_png_rel.py
rwmap/_util/_str_util.py
rwmap/other_data/requirements.txt
rwmap/other_data/maps/decoration.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/misc.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/units.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/bridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/decoration.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/deepwater.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/dirt.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/dirt2dirt_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/dirt2dirt_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/dirt2dirt_ridge_old.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/dirt2ice_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/dirt2lava_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/dirt2longgrass_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/dirt2longgrass_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/dirt2mountain_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/dirt2sand_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/dirt2sand_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/dirt2shallowwater_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/dirt2snow_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/dirt2snow_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/dirt2stone_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/dirt_details.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/dust.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/fauna.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/fauna_dark.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/fauna_highland.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/ice.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/ice2dirt_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/ice2dirt_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/ice2ice_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/ice2ice_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/ice2lava_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/ice2longgrass_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/ice2longgrass_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/ice2mountain_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/ice2nothing_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/ice2sand_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/ice2sand_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/ice2shallowwater_broken.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/ice2shallowwater_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/ice2snow_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/ice2snow_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/ice2stone_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/lava.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/lava2dirt_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/lava2longgrass_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/lava2sand_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/lava2snow_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/longgrass.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/longgrass2dirt_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/longgrass2dirt_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/longgrass2ice_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/longgrass2ice_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/longgrass2lava_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/longgrass2lava_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/longgrass2longgrass_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/longgrass2longgrass_hill.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/longgrass2longgrass_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/longgrass2mountain_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/longgrass2mountain_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/longgrass2sand_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/longgrass2sand_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/longgrass2shallowwater_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/longgrass2shallowwater_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/longgrass2shortgrass_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/longgrass2snow_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/longgrass2snow_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/longgrass2stone_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/longgrass2stone_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/longrass2darkgrass_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/misc.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/mountain.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/mountain2dirt_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/mountain2dirt_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/mountain2highland_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/mountain2ice_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/mountain2ice_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/mountain2lava_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/mountain2lava_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/mountain2longgrass_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/mountain2longgrass_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/mountain2mountain_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/mountain2mountain_hill.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/mountain2mountain_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/mountain2nothing_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/mountain2nothing_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/mountain2sand_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/mountain2sand_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/mountain2shallowwater_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/mountain2shallowwater_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/mountain2snow_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/mountain2snow_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/mountain2stone_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/mountain2stone_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/nothing2dust_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/nothing2road_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/nothing2sand_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/sand.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/sand2.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/sand2_old.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/sand2darksand_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/sand2darksand_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/sand2dirt_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/sand2dirt_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/sand2ice_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/sand2ice_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/sand2lava_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/sand2lava_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/sand2longgrass_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/sand2longgrass_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/sand2mountain_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/sand2mountain_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/sand2nothing_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/sand2sand_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/sand2sand_hill.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/sand2sand_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/sand2shallowwater_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/sand2shallowwater_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/sand2snow_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/sand2snow_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/sand2stone_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/sand2stone_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/sand_dark.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/shallowwater.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/shallowwater2dirt_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/shallowwater2longgrass_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/shallowwater2sand_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/shallowwater2snow_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/shallowwater2water_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/shortgrass.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/snow.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/snow2dirt_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/snow2dirt_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/snow2ice_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/snow2lava_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/snow2longgrass_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/snow2longgrass_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/snow2mountain_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/snow2sand_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/snow2sand_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/snow2shallowwater_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/snow2snow_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/snow2snow_hill.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/snow2snow_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/snow2stone_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/sone2sand_flat_2.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/stone.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/stone2dirt_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/stone2dirt_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/stone2ice_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/stone2lava.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/stone2lava_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/stone2longgrass_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/stone2longgrass_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/stone2mountain_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/stone2sand_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/stone2sand_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/stone2shallowwater_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/stone2snow.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/stone2snow_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/stone2snow_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/stone2stone_ridge.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/units.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/water.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/bitmaps/water2deepwater_flat.png
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Dirt Dirt - Ridge.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Dirt ShalowWater - Ridge.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Ice Ice - Flat.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Ice ShallowWater - Broken.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Ice ShallowWater - Ridge.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/LongGrass Dirt - Flat.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/LongGrass Dirt - Ridge.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/LongGrass LongGrass - Hill.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/LongGrass LongGrass - Ridge.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/LongGrass ShallowWater - Flat.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/LongGrass ShallowWater - Ridge.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/LongGrass ShortGrass - Flat.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Mountain Dirt - Flat.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Mountain Dirt - Ridge.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Mountain LongGrass - Flat.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Mountain Mountain - Hill.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Mountain Mountain - Ridge.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Mountain Nothing - Flat.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Mountain Nothing - Ridge.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Mountain Sand - Flat.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Mountain Sand - Ridge.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Mountain ShallowWater - Flat.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Mountain ShallowWater - Ridge.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Mountain Snow - Flat.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Mountain Stone - Flat.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Mountain Stone - Ridge.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Nothing Dust - Flat.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Nothing Road - Flat.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Nothing Sand - Flat.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Sand Dirt - Flat.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Sand Dirt - Ridge.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Sand LandGrass - Flat.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Sand Nothing - Flat - 2.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Sand Nothing - Flat.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Sand Sand - Hill.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Sand Sand - Ridge.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Sand ShallowWater - Flat.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Sand ShallowWater - Ridge.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/ShallowWater Water - Flat.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Snow Dirt - Flat.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Snow Dirt - Ridge.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Snow Ice - Ridge.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Snow Snow - Hill.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Snow Snow - ridge.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Stone Lava - Ridge.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Stone Lava - ridge2.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Stone Sand - Flat.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Stone ShallowWater - ridge.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Stone Snow - ridge.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Stone Stone - Ridge.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/ridges/Water DeepWater - Flat.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/terrain/Deep Water.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/terrain/Dirt.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/terrain/Dirt_Details.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/terrain/Dust.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/terrain/Ice.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/terrain/Lava.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/terrain/Long Grass.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/terrain/Mountain.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/terrain/Sand.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/terrain/Shallow Water.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/terrain/Short Grass.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/terrain/Snow.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/terrain/Stone.tsx
rwmap/other_data/maps/terrain/Water.tsx
rwmapeditor_exgcdwu.egg-info/PKG-INFO
rwmapeditor_exgcdwu.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
rwmapeditor_exgcdwu.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
rwmapeditor_exgcdwu.egg-info/entry_points.txt
rwmapeditor_exgcdwu.egg-info/requires.txt
rwmapeditor_exgcdwu.egg-info/top_level.txt
sqrwmap/__init__.py
sqrwmap/_const.py
sqrwmap/_core.py
sqrwmap/_util/__init__.py