[numcodecs.codecs]
imagecodecs_aec = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Aec
imagecodecs_apng = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Apng
imagecodecs_avif = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Avif
imagecodecs_bitorder = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Bitorder
imagecodecs_bitshuffle = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Bitshuffle
imagecodecs_blosc = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Blosc
imagecodecs_blosc2 = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Blosc2
imagecodecs_bmp = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Bmp
imagecodecs_brotli = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Brotli
imagecodecs_byteshuffle = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Byteshuffle
imagecodecs_bz2 = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Bz2
imagecodecs_checksum = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Checksum
imagecodecs_cms = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Cms
imagecodecs_dds = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Dds
imagecodecs_deflate = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Deflate
imagecodecs_delta = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Delta
imagecodecs_dicomrle = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Dicomrle
imagecodecs_eer = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Eer
imagecodecs_float24 = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Float24
imagecodecs_floatpred = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Floatpred
imagecodecs_gif = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Gif
imagecodecs_heif = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Heif
imagecodecs_jetraw = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Jetraw
imagecodecs_jpeg = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Jpeg
imagecodecs_jpeg2k = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Jpeg2k
imagecodecs_jpegls = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Jpegls
imagecodecs_jpegxl = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Jpegxl
imagecodecs_jpegxr = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Jpegxr
imagecodecs_jpegxs = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Jpegxs
imagecodecs_lerc = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Lerc
imagecodecs_ljpeg = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Ljpeg
imagecodecs_lz4 = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Lz4
imagecodecs_lz4f = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Lz4f
imagecodecs_lz4h5 = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Lz4h5
imagecodecs_lzf = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Lzf
imagecodecs_lzfse = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Lzfse
imagecodecs_lzham = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Lzham
imagecodecs_lzma = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Lzma
imagecodecs_lzo = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Lzo
imagecodecs_lzw = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Lzw
imagecodecs_packbits = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Packbits
imagecodecs_packints = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Packints
imagecodecs_pcodec = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Pcodec
imagecodecs_pglz = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Pglz
imagecodecs_png = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Png
imagecodecs_qoi = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Qoi
imagecodecs_quantize = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Quantize
imagecodecs_rcomp = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Rcomp
imagecodecs_rgbe = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Rgbe
imagecodecs_snappy = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Snappy
imagecodecs_sperr = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Sperr
imagecodecs_spng = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Spng
imagecodecs_sz3 = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Sz3
imagecodecs_szip = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Szip
imagecodecs_tiff = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Tiff
imagecodecs_ultrahdr = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Ultrahdr
imagecodecs_webp = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Webp
imagecodecs_xor = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Xor
imagecodecs_zfp = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Zfp
imagecodecs_zlib = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Zlib
imagecodecs_zlibng = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Zlibng
imagecodecs_zopfli = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Zopfli
imagecodecs_zstd = imagecodecs.numcodecs:Zstd
