What's new in version 1.3.9
===========================
Version available since July 5th 2024

New Features
------------
- 'Creneau' class was added in ode_tools to modelise a MLI command varying between 0 and 1.
- New test file Test_Jacobian_ODE_criteria, to check jacobian of criteria for a Boost application.
- Interface 'StoppingCriteria' to implement Stopping Criteria of ODE simulations.
- 'multi_start' parameter for run function of OptimProblem, to run SQP/IPOPT with different random initial points.
- new method 'plotvar' for ODESystem interface to plot variables accross time vector.

Changes
-------
- Abstract class ODESystem has other abstract methods (initialize, computeotherX) to help the designers to implement their models.
- 'commande' of ODESystem is now an attribute (of class type) and no longer a method.
- Time criteria for periodic and non-periodic systems were merged in the same classes (Min, Max, moy, eff).
- In test_Jacobien_ODE_System, the jacobian of the mean value is checked.
- To call differential evolution algorithm, method='diffev' must be written instead of method='stochastic'.
- Frequency criteria Module_OHz, Module_Fondamental, Module_Harmoniques are merged in a same class, Module_FFT.
- steady_state, threshold, final_time became classes herited of StoppingCriteria interface.
- 'computeotherX' method was deleted from ODESystem interface. In this case, state and output vectors must be returned by output method.
- 'get_indice' function of ode_tools.py integrated to ODESystem interface.
- For diffev algorithm, tolerance given by user influences the relative tolerance and not the absolute one.

Contributors
------------
Lucas Agobert
