.TH "ramalama-rag 1" 
.nh
.ad l

.SH NAME
.PP
ramalama\-rag \- generate and convert Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) data from provided documents into an OCI Image

.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBramalama rag\fP [options] [path ...] image

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Generate RAG data from provided documents and convert into an OCI Image. This command uses a specific container image containing the docling
tool to convert the specified content into a RAG vector database. If the image does not exists locally RamaLama will pull the image
down and launch a container to process the data.

.PP
NOTE: this command does not work without a container engine.

.PP
positional arguments:
  path        Files/Directory containing PDF, DOCX, PPTX, XLSX, HTML, AsciiDoc \& Markdown formatted files to be processed. Can be specified multiple times.
  image       OCI Image name to contain processed rag data

.SH OPTIONS
.SS \fB\-\-help\fP, \fB\-h\fP
.PP
Print usage message

.SS \fB\-\-network\fP=\fInone\fP
.PP
sets the configuration for network namespaces when handling RUN instructions

.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
.RS

.nf
$ ramalama rag https://arxiv.org/pdf/2408.09869 /tmp/pdf quay.io/rhatdan/myrag
Fetching 9 files: 100%|██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████| 9/9 [00:00<00:00, 68509.50it/s]
Neither CUDA nor MPS are available \- defaulting to CPU. Note: This module is much faster with a GPU.
2024\-12\-04 13:49:07.372 (  70.927s) [        75AB6740]    doc\_normalisation.h:448   WARN| found new `other` type: checkbox\-unselected

.fi
.RE

.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBramalama(1)\fP

.SH HISTORY
.PP
Dec 2024, Originally compiled by Dan Walsh 
\[la]dwalsh@redhat.com\[ra]
